chore(fxa-auth-server) update postVerify email copy (#13932)
mozilla/fxa: packages/fxa-auth-server/lib/senders/emails/templates/postVerify/index.txt

> postVerify-sub-title-3 = "We're delighted to see you!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
postVerify-sub-title-3 = "We’re delighted to see you!"
```

postVerify-title-2 = "Want to see the same tab on two devices?"

> postVerify-description-2 = "It's easy! Just install Firefox on another device and log in to sync. It's like magic!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
postVerify-description-2 = "It’s easy! Just install Firefox on another device and log in to sync. It’s like magic!"
```

> postVerify-sub-description = "(Psst...It also means you can get your bookmarks, passwords, and other Firefox data everywhere you're signed in.)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
postVerify-sub-description = "(Psst…It also means you can get your bookmarks, passwords, and other Firefox data everywhere you’re signed in.)"
```
